This is Woohyuk Yang from Republic of Korea.
I serve for the Republic of Korea Air force as an information technology officer.
Even if I majored in International relations(I mostly learned about politics and diplomacy but I also learned other aviation engineering and military strategies because we were to be educated to be a generalist.), I wanted to have a job as a specialist. I got some interests in IT field as I got to have an opportunity to study a subject on information security.
	After I graduated I decided to become an officer specialized in Information technology. Working as an officer, I felt my lack of knowledge and I wanted to study something fundamental about this technology more than just following some manuals written by the other engineers. 
I wanted to learn more about computer science and one of my professors who gained PhD degree from Oregon state university recommended me about this program. I thought this program is the one for me and I enrolled immediately because I wanted to go to graduate school to do research after I retire from the military in few years. Most of graduate school required me to have taken subjects on basic computer sciences but I had not taken enough classes before. I was really satisfied with the whole structure of the program and I felt certain that I can learn a lot taking the courses provided with the school step by step. 
My hobby is to go to library or big book store to read and shop books. Because I feel like I got smart when I am surrounded by tons of books. It is quite a secret that I buy lots of books but there is not a lot of book I have finished and remember the contents. Sometimes I practice understanding Morse code dreaming someday I will be able to save my be-loved lady sending SOS in Morse code by myself. I started to train myself practicing Morse code as I got a job as an telecommunications officer 3 years ago and I was so amazed with the simplicity and the accuracy of the way of telecommunication. 
I have so much interest in research and as I mentioned above that that is why I started this course. I have ever read a book called ¡°Linked¡± written by Albert-Laszlo Barabasi, which made me have an interest in research of network science which has quite intense connectivity with complexity theory and algorithm in computer science. I want to do research on algorithm and complexity theory at graduate school. As I know about ¡°data structure¡±, data structure itself is the one of the most fundamental subject to be dealt in computer science field to deal with algorithm and more complicated computer science theories so I am so excited to take this class for this term. 
I want to do research and have a job as a researcher. I want to go to graduate school after graduation. I will be out of the military in 2 and a half year so I think I would like to be at graduate school studying in five years. In ten years, I hope I have a job as a computer scientist or study at graduate school pursuing further degree. 
In conclusion, I have a lots of interest in studying on computer science. I know I have tons of subjects ahead of me to be a real researcher but enjoying and loving to learn on computer science, I think I will be able to make a happy computer scientist someday. Thanks. 

My former programming experience.
As I started to learn C language because most of servers I dealt with were UNIX based servers with programs written in C language. So I can not say I am good at programming still but I am interested in programming and have been learning programming for 2 and half years.(I only know C and little bit of C++ language)
